DAY
0
CHOICENUMBER
0
CHOICETEXT
Start Game
SCENETEXT
37
University: Camber University
Major: Anthropology
Student: PT
Journal Entry: Day 0, Year 2319

    Huh? That’s weird. As you were checking the lab computers, one of them 
received a transmission.  The computers are constantly searching for signals, but rarely 
find anything. You are glad to find a transmission, as the anthropology department is 
only kept operating by Professor Aureole. Uploading it will take a while, so you can do 
other chores while you wait. 
    Professor Aureole: “Getting everything done early today, huh PT? Oh? What’s 
that pinging the computer?”
    PT: “A transmission. I have to upload it to our servers before I can look at it. It’s 
exciting, we haven’t gotten new information from space in a long time.”
    Professor Aureole: “Indeed. Perhaps you can even investigate a new culture. Ah, 
the life of a young anthropologist, how I envy you. I have to go teach my class, but I 
hope you discover something truly important.”
    After the professor leaves, you check the transmission. Upload: 59%. You may 
as well start putting away the books people left scattered around the anthropology lab.  
Does no one appreciate this program?
    Head of department: “Ah, PT, are the computers running fine?”
    PT: “Yes, actually, we just received a signal.”
    Head of department: “That’s good, it looks like those computers were left here for 
something after all. Who knows, if it’s anything of value the anthropology program could 
be given more funding for research. I was looking for Professor Aureole, and I thought I 
would find him here, but he must be teaching a class. Best of luck with the transmission.”
    Upload: 100%.
    Finally, it’s finished uploading.
        “W'aa tzgx lwn gb iws dhlaqge gjc
        Oew qumg rvt cwxan va gck
        X'az sx fbwdgbv ph kay zwhl
        Pji W'ce vr axcwcv mfn”
    Of course. The language is so different from our own, it’s pretty much 
unreadable.  Maybe someone else would be able to help you read it.  But who should 
you ask? Professor Aureole would be more than happy to give you the materials you 
need, but the head of the department would be able to give access to the archives to 
help us learn about the language...
CHILDREN
Professor.txt
HOD.txt