DAY
259
CHOICENUMBER
1
CHOICETEXT
Investigate Satellite
SCENETEXT
33
[Day 259 continued]

    You land in a barren area, the ground covered in an unnatural and hard material. The 
ship indicated that the atmosphere and radiation are at levels close to your planet, and 
the temperatures warm but no need for protective equipment. As you step out of the 
ship, there are many low-level pieces of technology that looks like they were used for 
transportation in the area, but the most obvious thing was the giant satellite. It’s a lot 
larger than you thought it would be. 
    It’s also in the middle of lots of buildings, which made it impossible to park the ship 
too close to it. You must walk.
    As you walk, you notice decorations in the abandoned buildings you pass. There’s 
what you recognize as exploration tools from different eras. There’s also what appears 
to be a mix of cultures represented, with different dialects and languages printed on 
signs. There’s art everywhere, showing unity of different peoples, from professional 
paintings hanging in buildings to informal artistic expression strewn on stone walls.
    When you arrive at the satellite, it’s covered in ornate symbols, much different than 
the ones used in the languages you’ve observed.  
    Fang starts to walk towards the satellite.  You follow him.
    After passing the satellite, you see what looks like a launch pad, with scorch marks 
on the ground.  When the launch pad is in view, Fang starts to run towards it.
    PT: “Fang!  Stop!”
    Fang, of course, does not listen.  You run after him, eventually catching up to Fang 
when he stops by the launch pad.
    You look at the launch pad, and remember the images of the planet.  With how many 
buildings there were, there was no way everyone could have fit onto the rocket.  They 
would have had to leave some behind.  Though, there are no signs of life.
    They must have left to explore, but at what cost?  They left some of the population 
behind, and their home planet is no longer habitable.
    Why did they leave? You remember the art made from the intermingling of different 
types of cultures. You remember the exploratory tools decorating the city. These people, 
it seems, were a curious people. They felt the need to explore and gain knowledge, to 
learn and expand.
    They left for adventure, but lost their home.
CHILDREN
Mssg4.txt
