DAY
259
CHOICENUMBER
1
CHOICETEXT
Investigate Satellite
SCENETEXT
45
[Day 259 continued]

    You land in a barren area, the ground covered in an unnatural and hard material. The 
ship indicated that the atmosphere and radiation are at levels close to your planet, and 
the temperatures warm but no need for protective equipment. As you step out of the 
ship, there are many low-level pieces of technology that looks like it used to be used for 
transportation in the area, but the most obvious thing was the giant satellite. It’s a lot 
larger than you thought it would be. 
    It’s also in the middle of lots of buildings, which made it impossible to park the ship 
close to it. You must walk.
    As you and Greg travel towards the satellite, you notice decorations in and on the 
buildings you pass. There’s what you recognize as exploration tools from different eras 
in the windows of the buildings. There’s also what appears to be a mix of cultures 
represented, with different dialects and languages printed on signs. There’s art 
everywhere, showing unity of different groups of people, from professional paintings 
hanging in buildings to informal artistic expression strewn on stone walls.
    Greg: “These people were very passionate, and good at what they did.  Everything 
here seems to come together to make one coherent piece of art.”
    When you arrive at the satellite, it’s covered in ornate symbols, much different than 
the ones used in the languages you’ve observed. 
    Fang starts to walk towards the satellite.  You follow him.
    After passing the satellite, you see what looks like a launch pad, with scorch marks in 
its center.  When the launch pad is in view, Fang starts to run towards it, Greg quickly 
following suit.
    PT: “Fang!  Greg!  Stop!”
    Fang, of course, does not listen--and neither does Greg.  You run after both of them, 
eventually catching up to Fang and Greg when they stop by the launch pad.
    Greg: “This must have taken forever to build!  I can’t even imagine what the rocket 
looked like.”
    You look at the launch pad, and remember the images of the planet.  With how many 
buildings there were, there was no way everyone could have fit onto the rocket.  
    PT: “Yes, it’s cool, but there’s no way the rocket could have held the entire population of 
this planet.”
    Greg: “That’s true, but maybe there were multiple launch pads?”
    Greg steps up to the platform and plugs in his scanner, making quick work of 
decoding the information.
    Greg: “Looks like there were multiple ships.  They seemed to have planned to meet up 
near a different planet.”
    PT: “That’s good.  At least they didn’t leave the majority of their population behind.”
    Though you were relieved that a lot of people did leave on a ship, you still wondered 
why they left in the first place. You remember the art made from the intermingling of 
different types of cultures. You remember the exploratory tools decorating the city. 
These people, it seems, were a curious people. They felt the need to explore and gain 
knowledge, to learn and expand.
    They left for adventure, but abandoned their home.
CHILDREN
Mssg1.txt