DAY
259
CHOICENUMBER
0
CHOICETEXT
Investigate Technology
SCENETEXT
36
[Day 259 continued]

    You land in a deserted town, no sign of life for miles. The ship indicates that the 
atmosphere is close to that of your home planet, but there is high levels of radiation and 
higher than average temperatures. You would need to use protective equipment to 
explore the area.  
    Greg: “That’s not a good sign.  I hope it’s not a complete wasteland.”
    You both suit up and exit the ship, noticing that the village has evidence of a battle 
occuring.  The walls of houses are filled with small holes, while some walls are just gone 
all together.  Fang sniffs at the ground, growling at a red splatter.  You scan, finding that 
it is dead organic matter.  Greg flinches at the reading.
    You walk towards the building you came to investigate, finding that the door is open.  
Fang finds the stairs and starts to walk down them, looking behind him to make sure 
you and Greg are following.
    You reach the lowest floor of the building, finally finding all of the technology that your 
scanner detected.  The technology has been out of use for a long time.  You start to 
scan the machine, hoping to find out what, or who, could have brought down an entire 
planet.
    The scanner finishes.  Unfortunately, there isn’t much information, but the data the 
scanner was able to decipher shows that multiple missiles were launched, some from 
this building, and some at this building.   Some of the data suggests that there were 
missiles the original inhabitants of this planet considered highly dangerous, but they had 
all been launched. Greg walks towards a computer in the base, and uses a mobile 
power source to turn it back on.
    Greg: “The missiles were all launched in a close time frame to each other. I should be 
able to identify the targets of the missiles.”
    Fang paces uneasily in the base. You hope Greg hurries.
    Greg: “I don’t understand. It says the targets of the missiles were other places on this 
very planet. Were these bases hacked?”
    As Greg investigates the computer further, you go back into the town surrounding the 
building. You scan the radiation and detect similar radiation signatures to those of the 
missiles. Greg comes out of the building behind you.
    Greg: “There’s no evidence of hacking. Did these people really do this to 
themselves?”
    As much as you didn’t understand, you couldn’t deny the facts.  The inhabitants of 
LMSK-19 went extinct, not because of some external factor, but because of internal war.
CHILDREN
Mssg2.txt